Hello guys, welcome in this video. We
will learn how to use Cloud code free on
Windows. So as you can see this pricing,
so we have a free version, but we do not
have Cloud code in that. It is available
here in this dollar 17 as well as in
this max version. So now how can we use
it for free? So for that I will open a
new tab and from here we search here for
Ollama. Go to this first link
ollama.com. Now here we can install
Ollama with two methods. Either you copy
this command or you click on this
download and click on this download
button. But I will use that command in
our power shell. So for that I will come
here and I will type here power shell. I
will paste the command here and hit
enter. Now you can see it has started
downloading Ollama. So it will download
Ollama and it will install it. I have
already installed Ollama so I will close
this. Now I will go here to search and
type CMD hit enter and here if I search
Ollama hyphen H. So now you can see here
Ollama is installed and we can use these
different commands on Ollama. Now I will
again go to Chrome and here I will open
a new and here I will search for Cloud
docs enter. Now we will click on this
first link code.cloud.com docs. We will
click on this quick start. Now here the
installation of Cloud is given. If you
are using power shell you can use this
and if you are using CMD you can use
this. I will use CMD so I will copy this
command and I will go here type CMD hit
enter and now paste the command and hit
enter. Now it will take some time in
installation. So you have to wait. So
now you can see Cloud code successfully
installed. So now if I type here Cloud
so now you can see it is working. So I
will close this. I will close this as
well and this as well. Now I will go to
this PC D and here I will create a new
folder. I will name this Cloud
underscore projects. Now I will open
this and here in this top bar I will
type CMD and hit enter. So it will open
CMD here. Now we will install some
Ollama models. So now I will open Ollama
here. Ollama and as you can see in
Ollama here you can chat and in this
launch we have this command for open
Cloud, Cloud codex, open code. All these
are agents, AI agents. So I will copy
this Ollama launch Cloud. I will paste
this here and enter. So now you can see
you can use these different models with
Cloud code. Gemini K2.6 but it is a paid
version. Similarly quant 3.5, GLM 5.1
and so on. Down here you can see Gemini
3, Gemini 4, GPT-OASIS and quant 3
coder. So these are local models. But
both of these GPT-OASIS and quant 3
coder are cloud-based models because our
system or computer cannot hold a
powerful AI model because we do not have
that resources. So how can you use Cloud
model on your system locally without
installing them on your computer? So for
that I will go again to Chrome and I
will search for Ollama library. Here I
will search for GPT-OASIS.
So as you can see it is open AI open
weight model designed for powerful
reasoning, agentic task and will inspire
developer uses. So as you can see here
Ollama run GPT-OASIS but we will use
this cloud-based. So for that I will
come down and I will copy this one. This
GPT-OASIS 120 billion cloud. So as you
can see here this GPT-OASIS 20 billion
parameter is 14 GB. So you can imagine
the size of this 120 billion parameters.
So I will copy this. Now I will again
come here to this search type CMD hit
enter and I will use Ollama pull and
then paste the name of the model, the
cloud-based model. And now if I hit
enter so it will pull the manifest and
install it here. As you can see success.
So now the manifest file for this model
is on my system and the full model is on
the cloud. So I can use it locally. But
it is an internet-based model. You
cannot use it without internet because
it is on cloud. So now this is done so
we will go again to our project folder
and here I will type CMD again hit enter
and I will use Ollama launch Cloud. So
it will launch Cloud. So now you can
select different models with your arrow
keys. So I will come down to this
GPT-OASIS 120 billion cloud and hit
enter. So now our Cloud code will use
this model. Now here it has selected
this. Yes, I trust this folder. You can
go up and down with this arrow key. Now
I will hit enter and now you can see our
Cloud code is open. So on the first time
when you launch this I have already
launched this so it will ask you for a
few settings like theme and sign in to
Ollama. So you do that. Now here I will
create a tic-tac-toe game with our Cloud
code. So I will use create a tic-tac-toe
game with HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
Design it beautifully. So now you can
see it is thinking. Do you want to
proceed? Yes. Now you can see that it
has created the HTML file. Yes. Yes. The
CSS file is also created. And now if I
go to my folder and check this you can
see a tic-tac-toe folder is created
here. I will yes. Do yes for here. So
now you can see it has completed the
game and now if I come here to my folder
and with this as you can see index.html,
JavaScript and style.css. Now if I open
this index.html you can see a
tic-tac-toe game. Now if I play this so
you can see X win and game over reset.
Now if I do this so now you can see O
win and game over so reset. So in this
way you can install and run Cloud code
for free with any free models using
Ollama. So I think that's all for today.
I hope you like the video. If you like
the video please like, subscribe and
comment. Thank you.